\section*{Inner HCal}
\label{ihcal}

We have considered not building and installing the inner HCal.  One
positive aspect is that by not building a detector, one saves the full
set of costs associated with engineering, prototyping and producing
the detector, not just a fraction of the production costs as would be
saved by building a fraction of the final detector.  The lack of an
active absorber between the outer radius of the EMCal and the cryostat
has pronounced effect on the science capabilities of sPHENIX. The jet
energy response is worsened by removing a full interaction length of
absorber, an effect that is amplified compared to naive expectation
because the volume normally occupied by the inner HCal is in a
1.5~tesla magnetic field.  The lower momentum components of showers
that initiate in the EMCal can be strongly bent in the absorber-free
space before the cryostat.  These particles can also curl around and
strike additional EMCal towers.  Because of these effects, the
colaboration strongly disfavors removing the inner HCal.

From a project perspective, the inner HCal is one of the subsystems
that has the potential to involve non-BNL machine shops.  In
particular, the shop capabilities of some collaborating sPHENIX
Universities could allow them to take a significant role in the
machining and construction of inner HCal modules.  Deciding not to
build this detector would reinforce a view that sPHENIX is essentially
a BNL-only project.
